# Machine_Learning_Course
Hello, this is the Repository for the Machine Learning Course. There are 3 projects in it. Note, much of this work is not my own, as they are workbooks created to my knowledge by Eric Eaton. However, I believe it is clear what work is my own either in the descriptions below or the workbooks themselves. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. 

The first project was implementing Gradient Descent. I implemented the cost function and gradient descent algorithms in the gd.py file. After doing this for basic linear regression, I focsed on multivariate regression. Again, I implemented the cost function, then two different versions of the gradient descent algorithm. First using the Normal Equations, and a second vectorized gradient descent. Finally, I used feature normalization to improve the speed at which the algorithm converges. 

The second project focuses on regression. I started by implementing the cost function and gradient descent algorithm for logistic regression. I then implemented a simple accuracy function. The project then changed to using logistic regression. Our first use case was spam classification, i.e. training a logistic regression model to tell if a message was spam or not. Next, I used logistic regression to classify pictures of numbers by implementing a 'one vs all' algorithm, i.e. we classify the image as the digit which maximizes the logistic function.

The final project is a two-parter. The first part is implementing SVM using a polynomial and gaussian kernels. The next part was implementing Matrix Factorization, we then used that algorithm to fill in a matrix regarding movie recommendations. 
